# Computer Graphics and Visualization using OpenGL

How do I approach designing software?
  I want to first research what is required to be in the software, and if anything has already been written for this software. Next, I want to create a pseudocode outlining all of the functions and features that I want to add to the software. Then I will go about writing the software, keeping in mind to have all of the functions modular and commented, making it easier to debug or add to the code later. With this project, the most important thing was to look over the existing code and see what it did and how it related to the rest of the code. Then I would be able to add code that followed the existing design architecture. This course has taught me how to break down existing code and understand how it relates to other parts of the code, and how to add to that existing code to achieve what I want.

How do I approach developing programs?
  The most important thing is to develop in stages. Break the project down into more manageable modules, and then work with each module separately until it is working as intended. Then add that module to the existing code and test it. After that has been integrated, you can move on to your next section of code. If you try to write all of the code at once, not only will you develop errors, but it will be almost impossible to figure out what part of your code is causing the error. Keeping your code modular will help with tracing the error, but it also allows you or someone else to look at the code and understand what is going on. This will help when needing to make changes to the code; anyone can see how the code is working and iterate from that.

How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?
  Ultimately, I want to get a job working in Machine Learning and Aritficial Intelligence (ML/AI). Having a computer science degree will give me the basics I need to be able to further develop my skills and be able to work in the ML/AI field. This course has given me the ability to read and break down code into modular parts, making it easier to read and understand. This will help once I am in the field. I will be able to contribute to the existing code because I will be able to go and interpret what was coded and be able to iterate on the existing code. 
